README.md, before:

# Radiance
_(WIP)_

Radiance is a pilot PoC of Lantern core SDK (flashlight) utilizing the [outline-sdk](github.com/Jigsaw-code/outline-sdk). 
What's the "core" idea behind a lantern, and I guess a flashlight? _Light_, or synonymously, _radiance_.

## Current State
`radiance` runs a local server that proxies requests to a remote Lantern proxy, specifically, `omanyte`. Requests are proxied over a [transport.StreamDialer], which use a specific protocol to communicate with the remote proxy, _i.e._ shadowsocks. The dialers are configured using a proxy config embedded from a file at `config/proxy.conf`. 

##### protocols
- shadowsocks
- multiplexing

## Run

#### Retrieve proxy config
A new config will be needed each time the IP is rotated.

You need to be connected to `tailscale` (refer to lantern-cloud to setup and configure if needed).

The following commands assume you are in the `lantern-cloud` root directory:
Get an IP for one of the routes for `omanyte`. This is a shadowsocks test track. 
```
bin/lc routes list --track omanyte
```
then dump the config to a file as JSON (don't add the `--legacy` flag)
```
bin/lc route dump-config <ip> > ../radiance/config/proxy.conf
```

From the `radiance` directory, run 
```
go run cmd/main.go -addr localhost:8080
```

## TODO
- [x] Create an Outline transport StreamDialer using a proxy config. (shadowsocks w/ multiplex)
- [x] Connect to and route requests to backend proxy using a StreamDialer.
- [ ] Retrieve proxy config from backend.
- [ ] Implement remaining protocols
- [ ] Add socks5 support
- [ ] Implement VPN TUN 
- [ ] Add way to manage multiple proxies. MAB?
- [ ] Switch from getlantern/golog to rs/zerolog w/ local log pkg

Commit message:

fetch config from lantern server

README.md, after:

# Radiance
_(WIP)_

Radiance is a pilot PoC of Lantern core SDK (flashlight) utilizing the Outline SDK. 
What's the "core" idea behind a lantern, and I guess a flashlight? _Light_, or synonymously, _radiance_.

## Current State
`radiance` runs a local server that proxies requests to a remote Lantern proxy. `radiance` will fetch a config, containing the proxy and protocol information, from the backend server, which it will then use to configure the dialer. Currently, not all protocols are supported.

##### supported protocols
- shadowsocks
- multiplexing

## Run

```
go run cmd/main.go -addr localhost:8080
```

## TODO
- [x] Create an Outline transport StreamDialer using a proxy config. (shadowsocks w/ multiplex)
- [x] Connect to and route requests to backend proxy using a StreamDialer.
- [x] Retrieve proxy config from backend.
- [ ] Implement remaining protocols
- [ ] Add socks5 support
- [ ] Implement VPN TUN 
- [ ] Add way to manage multiple proxies. MAB?
- [ ] Switch from getlantern/golog to rs/zerolog w/ local log pkg
